- After looking through all the issues on the GitHub, I think I'm going to work on the dynamic feedback reminder. It's labeled as a good first project to work on, which is good because I'm new to the project and to the class and I want to be able to make meaningful contributions/changes to the project. I basically have to figure out a way to make sure that every so often the users get a reminder to fill out a survey asking about their experience on the app. Right now, it asks when you first onboard, which doesn't really make sense, so that's the first thing I need to change. 

- Starting this issue, I've looked through the code a little bit and I'm a little confused as to where to start. I think a good place would probably be Visual UI, but there doesn't seem to be much code about the feedback form that already exists in the app in the main menu. I tried clicking on it, and it doesn't open, so maybe I need to start there instead. 

- So I have been trying to figure out how to open the link to the survey, because every time I try to run the simulator and open the feedback form through the main menu, it says that the link isn't valid. I noticed that part of the link has "app_store", so I went to try to find the app store in the simulator, but there isn't an app store. I can't download the app store onto the simulator phone either. I tried changing the link instead to see if the issue was the link or maybe the code trying to open the link, but after changing the link I realized that the issue is actually just the link. I don't really know how to continue from here. 

- I spoke with Tim about my concerns and he said the only real course of action from here is to put a message into the GitHub letting them know that I can't truly test the code because the Xcode simulator isn't really "working". I don't really know what I can do while I wait for them to respond, and I want to still work on the code in another way, and I know Jay is struggling with his issue, so I might join him. 